we're all gonna die
mark hamill is a time brother
the future depends on his journey into
the past you possibly let's get this
thing scan
maybe this is something we're not
supposed to know about
knows he's coming
have your people packed up and out of
here in one hour mark hamill of the Star
Wars trilogies is the time runner
he's a new kind of terminator
depend on and he's after a different
kind of
you're one of them
time rudder
costars Rae dawn Chong of the principle
and tales from the darkside
and brian james from the player and
Blade Runner new line home video
presents one of this year's most
explosive sci-fi thriller time run er
you